Remove PK hash from key combiner (#55)
openpgp-pqc/draft-openpgp-pqc: draft-wussler-openpgp-pqc.md

as the public key material is already included in the component key derivation
functions.
Given two KEMs which we assume to be multi-user secure, we combine their outputs
using a KEM-combiner:

    K = H(K1, C1, K2, C2), C = (C1, C2)

We do not have to add PK1 and PK2 to H to preserve multi-user security, because
to break security the adversary has to distinguish a set of challenge keys K*_u
from random, one per user or public key.
For each of these K* it holds that if the adversary never makes a query

    H(K1*_u, C1*_u, K2*_u, C2*_u)

they have a zero advantage over guessing.

The only multi-user advantage that the adversary could gain therefore consists
of queries to H that are meaningful for two different users u1 != u2 and their
associated public keys.
This is only the case if

    (c1*_u1, c2*_u1) = (c1*_u2, c2*_u2)

as the ciphertext values decide for which challenge the query is meaningful.
This means that a ciphertext collision is needed between challenges.
Assuming that the randomness used in the generation of the two challenges is
uncorrelated, this is negligible.

In consequence, the ciphertexts already work sufficiently well as

> domain-separator.

Author: @ahuelsing I tried to convey the formal justification in https://github.com/openpgp-pqc/draft-openpgp-pqc/pull/50 in RFC-compliant language. Please let me know if I made some mistake please, or if you think it's excessive / insufficient.

Reviewer: Hey, I think lines 1562 ff are a bit unclear / too compact. Maybe use the following:

"Our aim is to preserve multi-user security. A common approach to this is to add the public key into the key derivation for K. However, it turns out that this is not necessary here. To break security of the combined scheme in the multi-user setting, the adversary has to distinguish a set of challenge keys 

      K*_u = H(K1*_u, C1*_u, K2*_u, C2*_u)

for users u in some set from random, also given ciphertexts   C*_u = (C1*_u, C2*_u)." 

Then continue from line 1565 on.

Author: ```suggestion
Given two KEMs which we assume to be multi-user secure, we combine their outputs
using a KEM-combiner:

    K = H(K1, C1, K2, C2), C = (C1, C2)

Our aim is to preserve multi-user security. A common approach to this is to add the 
public key into the key derivation for K. However, it turns out that this is not necessary
here. To break security of the combined scheme in the multi-user setting, the 
adversary has to distinguish a set of challenge keys

  K*_u = H(K1*_u, C1*_u, K2*_u, C2*_u)

for users u in some set from random, also given ciphertexts C*_u = (C1*_u, C2*_u).
For each of these K* it holds that if the adversary never makes a query

    H(K1*_u, C1*_u, K2*_u, C2*_u)

they have a zero advantage over guessing.

The only multi-user advantage that the adversary could gain therefore consists
of queries to H that are meaningful for two different users u1 != u2 and their
associated public keys.
This is only the case if

    (c1*_u1, c2*_u1) = (c1*_u2, c2*_u2)

as the ciphertext values decide for which challenge the query is meaningful.
This means that a ciphertext collision is needed between challenges.
Assuming that the randomness used in the generation of the two challenges is
uncorrelated, this is negligible.

In consequence, the ciphertexts already work sufficiently well as
domain-separator.
```

Like this?
